Update sources location references (#139)
glpi-project/docdev: source/plugins/notifications.rst

   $conf = Config::getConfigurationValues('plugin:sms');
   //$conf will be ['server' => '', 'port' => '']

> That said, we need to create a class to handle the settings, and a front file to display them. The class must be named ``GlpiPlugin\Sms\NotificationSmsSetting`` and must be in the ``src/NotificationSmsSetting.class.php``. It have to extends the ``NotificationSetting`` core class :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, we need to create a class to handle the settings, and a front file to display them. The class must be named ``GlpiPlugin\Sms\NotificationSmsSetting`` and must be in the ``src/NotificationSmsSetting.php`` file. It have to extends the ``NotificationSetting`` core class :
```

Event
^^^^^

> Once the new mode has been enabled; it will try to raise core events. You will need to create an event class named ``GlpiPlugin\Sms\NotificationEventSms`` that implements ``NotificationEventInterface`` and extends ``NotificationEventAbstract`` in the ``inc/notificationeventsms.php``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the new mode has been enabled; it will try to raise core events. You will need to create an event class named ``GlpiPlugin\Sms\NotificationEventSms`` that implements ``NotificationEventInterface`` and extends ``NotificationEventAbstract`` in the ``src/NotificationEventSms.php`` file.
```
